Task 0: 25th July 2018: Regression

1. Take numerical data set of your choice or refer dataset of last semester worked on  for regression application.
2. Create 5 samples of same size(all sample must be same size) from that original dataset randomly. 
3. Calculate mean value of all samples and original dataset of target feature. 
4. Train 6 regression models i.e. 5 on samples and 1 on original data. Note down error or rmse ...
5. Prepare a table that display ..original data set and all sample mean value and rmse...
6. Send that table to my mail id.


Task 1: 1st August 2018: kNN Ensemble

1. Take a data set of your choice (classification data set)
2. divide data set into 60% and 40%
2. Create samples (5) randomly from 60% dataset 
3. Train KNN on each sample
4. Note down the efficiency (test on 40% data set)of  all five models 
5. Develop an ensemble mode as:
    combine all 5 models and final results will be calculated as voting
6. Test ensemble model on 40% data-set and note down the efficiency 
7. Send me consolidate results (efficiency of all five models and ensemble model)


Task 2: 17th August 2018: AdaBoost

Download any classification dataset (i.e. iris from r studio)
Perform classification using adaboost (you may use packages)
Observe the efficiency by manipulating various parameter such as depth of tree, iterations etc
Plot the sigma and error of every stump (weak classifier).
Send code and result in mail


Task 3: 5th September 2018: CART

          1. Take two different datasets of your choice: (i) classification tree problem (ii) regression tree problem

2. Apply CART on both kind of data
3. Analyse the results


Task 4: 24th October: PCA

Calculate covariance matrix of data
Calculate correlation matrix of data
Standardize the data (mean=0 and suing SD)
Again calculate covariance matrix of data
Observer results of step 2 and 4 is same? Think…
Calculate the eigen vector and print it.
Calculate the eigen value and print it.
Extract top two pca, i.e against highest eigen value
Project the data into new feature space.
Aforesaid steps are to implement PCA step by step process and it will help to understand PCA working. But in real environment, you can use directly PCA libraries/packages and it will give you answer in few line coding. Try this.


Task 5: 14th November 2018: DBScan

Apply DBSCAN cluster algorithm on given dataset and observe the results with respect to various Eps and MinPts.